this is the 2013 kia optima sx limited
care have changed the looks of the sx on
the outside they've also given you a
better quality materials they've given
you a stiffer suspension from the other
Kia Optimas it's a pleasure to drive
this cup you can get into a cure for
around twenty six thousand eight hundred
in fact the Kia Optima is becoming one
of the best-selling sedans in North
America you'll see some differences on
this sx limited a chrome front grille
you'll find a front valance at the
bottom daytime running lights red
calipers on the brakes and also a
valance at the back end of the car with
LED taillights they've really made this
car stand out from the regular optima
you feel like that thirty-five thousand
dollars you're spending really goes to
good use with the look of the carpet it
looks and drives exceptionally well the
two-liter direct injection turbo engine
which is a four cylinder has 274
horsepower it's not amazingly fast but
it will get you 0 to 60 + 6.5 seconds
this vehicle has a nice little engine
look at 2234 city and highway as far as
fuel is concerned and you can put
regular fuel in the vehicle there's a
lot of extras on the inside of this car
included a heated and cooled front seats
sunroof also you get people who are over
6 foot comfortably in the front of this
vehicle there's room for five passengers
in total and you'll find a nice nappa
leather which is hand-stitched on the
inside the quality of the materials are
up to with an infinity sound system and
a lot of extras would make this car a
little more bling bling than your
regular optima here have brought the
insides of their cars the interiors from
being ok to being very nice and it's
shown in the fact that ward chose them
for the 10 best interiors for last year
the 2013 kia optima sx limited is a
really nice package if you fully load it
with all of the extras you'll get up to
around thirty five thousand dollars you
can see the highway safety picked this
as a 2013 Top Safety Pick and if you
take a look at the EPA ratings they gave
it a check mark for fuel efficiency
you